---
layout: post
title: The Big Comeback
categories: Blogpost
banner:
  video: 
  loop: true
  volume: 0.8
  start_at: 8.5
  image: https://media.giphy.com/media/SVrCNK3DKdDSiyNRVD/giphy.gif
  opacity: 0.618
  background: "#000"
  height: "100vh"
  min_height: "38vh"
  heading_style: "font-size: 4.25em; font-weight: bold; text-decoration: underline"
  subheading_style: "color: gold"
tags: [Blogpost, Comeback, Announcement]
author: Walter White
comments: true 
---

Well, I'm back again. After an excrutiating 2 months. These 2 months have been so damn long feels like a lifetime ago. I honestly forgot about this website, not gonna lie.

The only projets I've worked on in the past few months have been websites (I have PHP with a burning passion). Am I a filthy web-dev now? * *_shudders_* *
Anyway, I updated how this looks, again. It looks sleek now if I'm prefectly honest with myself. But I still feel it lacks the minimalist in your face look that the previous version had. This has started to look like any other generic personal website now, but, I've spent too much time on this and I'm not just gonna thros it away DAMNIT!

I'll leave it up like this for a few weeks _(or months if I forget about this again)_ and then change it. Or maybe I just won't change it if my friend like it. Ehhhhhh..... I'LL DO AS I GO, OKAY, GET OF MY BACK MAN!

On a serious note, enough of the websites and my priviledged hardships about _the troubleshooting for a personal website_. I've been good these past weeks. Life has been going my way. Can't believe that its on track now (fairly on track). Not to jinx it, but its been fun, really fun _(regardless, a few hiccups and depressive episodes here and there)_. 

It's good to write here again. The next post, _hopefully_, will be lest "stream of throught"y and more "planned and written out"y, if that makes any sense.

Cheers to a smooth sailing ahead.